147 migrate from other chain (#193)
casper-network/docs-new: source/docs/casper/resources/migrate/index.md

---
title: Overview
slug: /migrating-from-other-chains
---

> There exist many Layer 1 Blockchains with many different capabilities. There may be a need to leverage capabilities unavailable on the chain, which you might already be familiar with. Sometimes you might want to expand your knowledge of the Blockchain or try things out. This section will show, how you can use the knowledge you obtained from a different chain to be quickly onboarded on the Casper Network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are many Layer 1 Blockchains, with different capabilities and features. When implementing a dApp on the Casper platform, you may wish to leverage features of a chain which you might already be familiar with, and you want to know what the equivalent is in Casper. Sometimes you might want to expand your knowledge of the Blockchain, or try things out. This section describes how to leverage your existing knowledge of other blockchains to quickly develop dApps on the Casper Network.
```
